    Minecraft Plugin Protected License (MPPL) - Copyright (C) 2025 ch1ck3n-ovo
    
                Plugin:           'PortableShulker'
                Author:           'ch1ck3n-ovo'
                Nationality:      'Taiwan(R.O.C.)'
                Effective Date:   'March 25, 2025'

  0. Definitions

  Plugin: The software, including any source code, compiled files, configuration
files, translations, and related resources, covered by this license.

  Modify (Modified, Modification): To change, replace, add, or remove any part
of the plugin, excluding configuration files and translation files generated by
the plugin.

  Educational Use: Using the plugin for learning, teaching, or academic
research purposes, with no intent of profit from its use.

  Personal Use: Using the plugin for individual, non-commercial purposes only, 
without distributing, sharing, or making the plugin available to others in any
form.

  Commercial Use: Using the plugin for profit, either directly or indirectly,
or using the plugin in a way that generates financial gain.

  Distribute (Distribution): Sharing, copying, uploading, or otherwise making
the plugin available to others.

  1. Modification

  You may only "modify" the source code of the "plugin" for "educational use",
specifically for learning, teaching, or academic research, but you must clearly
state and document the "modification" at the beginning of each file.

  You must not "modify" or remove the copyright notice or any markings that
indicate the author's rights.

  The "modification" terms do not apply to configuration(config.yml) and
translation files generated by the "plugin", provided such modifications are
limited to settings or language customizations and do not alter the core
functionality or bypass any restrictions set in this License.

  2. Usage

  The "plugin" is only for "personal use" and "educational use".

  "Commercial use" is strictly prohibited and includes any form of use that
generates or intends to generate profit, either directly or indirectly. This
includes, but is not limited to, using the plugin in paid services, products,
or projects. Commercial use is only permitted if explicit permission is granted
by the author.

  The "usage" terms do not apply to content creation, such as YouTube videos
and live streaming.

  3. Distribution

  You cannot distribute, share, or upload any versions of the plugin to others,
whether publicly or privately, whether modified or not.

  All "distribution" terms do not apply to configuration (config.yml) and
translation files generated by the "plugin", provided that such modifications
are limited to settings or language customizations and do not modify core
functionality or override any limitations set by this License.

  4. Legal Statement

  If you violate any of these terms, the author reserves the right to take
legal action under the applicable laws of Taiwan (R.O.C.) and international
copyright laws.

  Violators may be subject to financial compensation for damages, legal costs,
and attorney fees resulting from the breach of this LICENSE. Additionally, the
author may seek an injunction to prevent further violations.

  This work is protected by the laws of 'Taiwan(R.O.C.)' and all relevant
international copyright laws.

  All files in the "plugin" under this LICENSE are protected, even if they do
not have a copyright notice.

  By downloading, installing, or using the "plugin" in any manner, you confirm
that you have read, understood, and agreed to this License.

  5. Copyright Notice

  All rights are reserved by 'ch1ck3n-ovo'.

  Unauthorized reproduction, modification, or distribution of the plugin is
prohibited, except as expressly permitted in this License.

  6. License Information

  This LICENSE type was created at Taiwan(R.O.C.) on March 25, 2025.

  The terms of this LICENSE may be updated in future versions. Users must
comply with the latest version available at the time of downloading or
updating the plugin, unless otherwise specified by the author.
